# Redstone Logic Analyzer
A tool used to generate timing diagrams based on information placed into the chat/logs by the logic analyzer datapack.

## Application
Used to examine the timing of various redstone signals after they have already run. Useful for troubleshooting or even just generating timing diagrams for documentation.

For example, with a probe set up in-game, the user can then start the logic analyzer, collect information regarding the state of that probe over a period of time, then stop the logic analyzer.
From there, the log generated by the game can be passes into the logic analyzer program, and the program will return an image showing the probes state over time.

If there are multiple probes, you can choose the order which these probes are rendered, or ignore them entirely.


## Usage
After running and stopping the logic analyzer, double click `Redstone Logic Analyzer` and a command terminal will open.

The terminal will first ask you to give it the location of latest.log, which is usually located at `C:\Users\<USER>\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft\logs\latest.log`. 
Either type out this address, or drag and drop the file into the command terminal window, and hit enter.

The terminal will then ask you for the names of the channels you want to render. Leave this blank to render all channels in no particular order.
If you wish to specify the order which the probes appear in, or if you would like to only show certain channels, type the name of each channel in the order you want them to appear in, and separate them with the '|' pipe character.
Example: `probe 1 | probe 3 | probe 2` will render probe 1 at the top, probe 3 in the middle, and probe 2 at the bottom. All other channels will be ignored.
Once you hit enter, the render, called image.png, will be generated and placed in the same folder as the Redstone Logic Analyzer.py program.
